So as we move away from cyber and on to AI. As
Ellen was speaking about just a few minutes ago, there has
been an increased focus. On AI within the Commission of late
and I'd say, you know that's been within the last year to
two years. So what are we seeing there? Well, AI is more
pervasive and obviously most companies are adopting some
formulation of AI within their business model and more so
every day, right. So we are seeing a steady increase in the
number of disclosures of AI trends within filings with the
SEC. Not only that, but we've seen a chair against her make
remarks about the importance of. Making appropriate
statements regarding AI. We've also seen the SEC Enforcement
division take actions against companies that are making
misleading statements about AI and their business in the
public marketplace. So where are these trends being seen
within these filings? So if we move to the next slide, we
will see right now that the concentration probably not
unexpectedly of a comments within filings has been within
the description of the business and within risk factors.
Really should not come as a shock to anybody. I don't think
that there's very few comments maybe throughout or
disclosure throughout the rest of the documents.
However, we are seeing that the SEC review program is taking
notice and they are looking at statements that are being
made by companies. They're also looking at the disclosures
and to the extent that those disclosures are not descriptive
or do not provide a lot of information about. You know what
companies use of AI is or how it's impacting their entity?
Or if they're claiming statements that maybe we are the best
the company with respect to AI in the world and those are
perhaps unfounded claims, we will see comments come through
from the staff on that. So if we move on to the next and my
final slide for this section. Once again, Director Gerding
had put out some comments in a statement earlier this year
about the use of AI. And one of the most important points I
can make here is that. The staff expects that a company is
going to describe what AI means to them and what kind of
artificial intelligence are they using. Because
everyone's playing on a different playing field right now
with respect to a lot of this technology. Sometimes just a
general use of the term AI is not descriptive enough for an
investor. So they're expecting that to come through. And
then some of the other things that I was talking about, and
these are probably pervasive points that we're going to hear
throughout the rest of this webcast. So boilerplate
language, the use of buzzwords that really maybe don't mean
the same thing to everyone in the same way, these are things
that the SEC is going to comment on and ask companies to
provide. More robust disclosure about. So with that, I
think we can expect to see more in AI moving forward. But we
wanted to take a pause here in the middle of the broadcast
and see what comments we might have had, our questions
coming in from our audience right now. So I'm going to
invite Megan and Ellen back onto the screen. And maybe
Megan, I'll start with you. Are there any questions that you
think you might be able to answer at this point?
Meagan Van Orden: Yes, I think one of the question that we received
was around. If I have been. If I think back to the
three-year review rotation and I haven't received any
comments, does that mean there are no comments from the SEC
staff? And I kind of take that also to mean, does that mean
my accounting and my disclosures are what the staff are
expecting? And there I would say, yes, it could be that the
staff has reviewed your filing on one or number of those
scopes I mentioned and they didn't have any comments at that
point in time. But I wouldn't take non comment as a positive
statement that they in fact agree with your accounting or
your disclosures. It's just that at that point they didn't
think that there was comments to be issued that would
significantly enhance the disclosures at that point in time.
And we'll get into this a little bit later, but that review
of your disclosures on a ongoing basis to continue to
enhance them. Tim Brown: That's great, Megan, really
appreciate that. Alan, is there, did you see any questions
that you might be able to answer? Ellen Russo: Yes, Tim,
I actually had a comment, a question on clawback because we
hadn't really touched on that other than reference to the
new accounting standards and a question about what we've
seen for comment letters and clawback. And as everybody
knows, clawback is pretty new. Those rules went into effect
on December 1st. So the comment letters have been pretty
limited thus far, but they're really. On either missing
policy disclosures that need to be included in the filing or
also requesting information where there's been mention of a
correction of an error but no mention of clawback, There
have been some questions to just clarify that it wasn't
necessary to mention clawback. I will say we get a lot of
questions in the department about when to check tick box 1
and tick box 2. There's a lot of guidance out there on that
we're trying to work through and. Suggest companies also
work with their attorneys on those questions. Tim Brown:
Yeah, no, that's really great, Ellen. And I saw a couple of
questions look like at least two or three relating to what
does materiality mean in the context of a cyber security
incident. And when the cyber security rule came out, the SEC
chose not to change the definition of materiality in
connection with that rulemaking. And I know it's a broad
based definition and it was set by the Supreme Court a
number of years ago. And it relates to the total mix of
information that's available to an investor and what a
prudent investor might expect to have. Relating to their
investment decisions, and that's been a struggle, I will say
through kind of the adoption of these new cybersecurity
rules and the disclosures because every company needs to
make that assessment for themselves. What is significant to
one business may not be significant to another. And so
that's why, you know, we've stressed over the last couple of
years going through the adoption of these rules that it's
important to think about. From a cross functional
perspective, what does materiality mean to your business? So
that means getting accounting legal. Your cyber teams
together and others within the organization, some parts of
governance, you know those within your organization to make
those determinations in a meaningful way and through
processes and controls where you can make that determination
in a timely fashion to put out those formats when they're required.